# SCM-651-BUSINESS-ANALYTICS
Project: Orange Juice Data Market Analysis.

In this project, we selected orange juice data across 3 different brands, FG, Tropicana Pure and Tropicana Grove to study and analyze the effect of different variables on sales and profitability. Using different analytical tools to organize and sort the data in order to find an association between the variation of the variable and how the marketplace react accordingly. Two products we chose to have higher prices, and one is lower priced. Then, using access to combine the data of all the products of our study in an excel file for further analysis. Implying visual tools in excel check for the patterns and changes in the data. Due to the limitations of excel package to run a detailed analysis another statistical package had to be used presented in R language. Different models have been created to study the impact of different changes by using regression analysis to generate a logical understanding of changes and how it can impact and enhance the decision-making process in the short and the long-term to increase sales and profit margins for the intended products.

In the modeling and descriptive analysis part three software packages were used Access to collect, sort, and filter data of interest in one file, then using Excel to run simple analysis and for further modeling and hypothesis testing, R-Studio had been utilized. Based on the analysis all brands tend to be price sensitive as demand kept changing due to price variation. In addition to that several demographical factors were impacting the demand.
